                                          Privacy Policy
Who are we?
Shenzhen Ginverter New Energy Co., Ltd. has been committed to being a world-class supplier of new energy solutions, and strives to create an intelligent and humanized photovoltaic monitoring software for users. We will provide you with remote monitoring and management services for photovoltaic power plants through this APP.
Shenzhen Ginverter New Energy Co., Ltd. respects your personal privacy rights. The purpose of this agreement is to explain how we collect, share and use your personal information, also shows how you exercise your privacy rights. If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact us through the contact information shown at the bottom of this agreement.

Our company strictly abides by laws and regulations and follows the following privacy protection principles to provide you with more secure and reliable services:

1. Safe and reliable: We try our best to prevent your information from being leaked, damaged or lost through reasonable and effective information security technology and management procedures.
2. Independent choice: We provide you with convenient information management options so that you can make appropriate choices and manage your personal information.
3. Protect the communication secrets: We strictly abide by laws and regulations to protect your communication secrets and provide you with secure communication services.
4. Reasonably necessary: In order to provide you and other users with better services, we only collect necessary information.
5. Clear and transparent: We strive to use concise and easy-to-understand statements to introduce the privacy policy to you so that you can clearly understand our information processing methods.
6. Integrate privacy protection into product design: We integrate the concept of privacy protection in all aspects of product or service development with laws, products design and other factors
This "Privacy Policy" mainly explains to you about:
What information we collect;
The purposes for which we collect information;
Your rights.

Hope you read the "Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "the policy") carefully and learn more about how we collect and use information so that you can better understand our services and make appropriate choices.
If you use the company's services, it means that you had agreed with our contents in the policy. Unless otherwise agreed, the terms used in this policy have the same meaning as those in the Service Agreement.
If you have any questions, please contact us.

I. The information we collect
We only collect the information necessary to realize the function of the product in accordance with the principles of lawfulness, fairness and necessity.
1.1 The information you offered when using our services

1.1.1 The information you filled in when registered the account.

Such as: The information include country, mailbox and other information you filled in when registered the account is only used as login verification, we will encrypt the information to protect your privacy.

1.1.2 The information you upload when using the service.

Such as, the personal information uploaded when you use GroHome system, include images, room pictures, etc.

1.1.3 Your distribution network information when using the device.

Such as, the device distribution network mode you chose, e.g. bluetooth, gateway, or WiFi,. The relevant network information and passwords may be collected in the distribution network process. And it is only entered and used in the distribution network process. GroHome never store the network password actively.

1.2 The information we get when you use the service

1.2.1 Location information.

When you use location-related services, we may get location information about where your device is located to provide you with related services.
When you use the service, we obtain your IP address, GPS geographic location information under request and consent;
We may obtain information generated or shared when you use the third-party partner services (e.g. audio, push information). For example, when you use an account to log in to a third party partner service (audio), we will get the information that your account had logged in to a third party partner service, login time, and facilitate your authorization management.

II. The personal data we collect will be used for:

We strictly abide by the laws and agreements with users, and use the information collected for the following purposes. If using your information beyond the following purposes, we will explain it to you again with your consent.
Provide services for you.
Meet your personalized needs. For example, language setting, location setting, personalized help services.
Product development and service optimization. For example, when the system fails, we will record and analyze the information generated and optimize our services.
Security guarantees. We will use your information for authentication, security precautions, anti-fraud monitoring, archival backup, customer security services, and so on. For example, the security software you downloaded or installed will detect malicious programs or viruses, or identifies fraud information for you.
Manage the software. Provide the software authentication, software upgrade, etc.
In order to provide a better experience for you, improve our services or other uses with your consent, we may use the information collected through certain services for our other research, subject to the relevant laws and regulations. For example, use your information when using one of our services to show you personalized content or advertising, user research, analysis, statistics and other services in another service.
To ensure the security of the service and help us better understand the running of our application, we may record relevant information, such as the frequency of you use the application, the device control log, the overall usage status, the performance data, and the source of the application. we will not combine the information we store in the analysis software with the personal identity information you provide in your application.

III.How do you manage your information
3.1 You can access, modify and delete the registration and other personal information you provide during the use of our services, or you may contact us according to the notification guidelines. The scope and method in which you access, modify, and delete personal information will depend on the specific services you used. For example: the family or room information you set up, stop sharing the device to other accounts, manage the family account permissions, and the allowed login device restrictions.
3.2 We will collect and use your information as stated in this policy only to achieve the functionality of our products or services. If you find that we have used your personal information which violates the provisions of laws, administrative regulations or the agreement of both parties to collect, you can ask us to delete it. If you find that there are errors in your personal information we collect and store, you can also ask us to correct it. Please contact us through the contact information specified in this policy.
3.3 When you access, modify and delete relevant information, we may require you to authenticate to secure your account.
3.4 Please understand that due to technical limitations, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to meet all your requirements. We will respond to your request within a reasonable time limit.

IV. Information we share
We strictly restrict the sharing of information in accordance with laws and regulations. For example:
4.1 We may share your personal information with third parties with your prior consent,;
4.2 For the purpose of external processing only, we may share your personal information with third-party partners (third-party service providers, application developers, etc., e.g. communications service providers issue push notifications on our behalf, sound service providers that provide voice control for you), who may not be located in your jurisdiction, to let them process the above information for us in accordance with our instructions, privacy policies and other relevant confidentiality and security measures, and for the following purposes:
4.2.1 Provide services for you;
4.2.2 Achieve the purpose described in the "How we use the collected information" section;
4.2.3 Fulfil our obligations under the Service Agreement or this policy and exercise our rights;
4.2.4 Understand, maintain and improve our services. If we share your information with third parties, we will use encryption, anonymous processing and other means to ensure your information security.
4.3 We may disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
4.3.1 Comply with applicable laws, regulations and other relevant provisions;
4.3.2 Comply with the provisions of court decisions, decisions or other legal proceedings;
4.3.3 Comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies or other legally authorized organizations;
4.3.4 We have good reasons to confirm that the laws and regulations and other rules should be followed ;
4.3.5 It is reasonable and necessary for the purpose of implementing relevant service agreements or this policy, safeguarding the public interest, and protecting the personal and property safety of our customers, us or our affiliates, other users or employees, or other legitimate rights and interests.
V. Information we might send to you

5.1 Information pushed
When you use our service, we may send you email, information or push notification.
5.2 Service-related announcements
We may issue a service-related announcement to you if necessary, for example, when a service is suspended due to system maintenance. You may not be able to cancel these service-related, non-advertising announcements.

VI. Location and duration of information stored

6.1 Location of information stored
We comply with the provisions of laws and regulations, the local collection of user personal information will be stored in the local territory.
6.2 Duration of information stored
Generally speaking, we only keep your personal information for the shortest time necessary to achieve the purpose. However, it is possible to change the storage time of personal information for compliance with legal requirements for the following situation:
6.2.1 In order to comply with applicable laws and regulations and other relevant provisions;
6.2.2 In order to comply with the provisions of court decisions, decisions or other legal proceedings;
6.2.3 In order to comply with the requirements of the relevant government organs or legally authorized organizations;
6.2.4 We have good reasons to confirm that the laws and regulations and other rules should be followed ;
6.2.5 Reasonable and necessary use for the execution of the relevant service agreement or this policy, for the protection of the public interest and for the protection of the personal and property safety or other lawful rights and interests of our customers, us or our affiliated companies, other users or employees.

When our products or services stop operating, we will notify you in the form of pushing notifications, announcements, etc., and delete or anonymize your personal information within a reasonable period.

VII. Information security

We provide corresponding security for your information to prevent loss, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure of information.
7.1 We strictly abide by laws and regulations to protect users' information.
7.2 We will use various security measures to ensure the security of information within a reasonable level of security. For example, we use encryption techniques (e.g., TLS、SSL), anonymous processing, etc. to protect your personal information.
7.3 We establish specialized management systems, processes and organizations to ensure information security. For example, we strictly restrict the range of people accessing information, require them to comply with confidentiality obligations and conduct reviews.
7.4 If the event of personal information leakage and other security incidents happens, we will initiate contingency plans to prevent the expansion of security incidents, and inform you in the form of push notifications, announcements etc..

VIII. Scope of application

This policy applies to all our services. While some certain services have their specific privacy guidelines / statements. Which will state specific about how we handle your information in the service. If there is any inconsistency between this policy and the privacy guidelines / statements of a particular service, please refer to the specific privacy guidelines / statements.
Please note that this policy is not applicable for the services provided by other companies or individuals. For example, you log in to services provided by other companies or individuals by using your account number.
When you use the third-party services,you will be subject to other privacy policies (not this policy), and you need to read their policy carefully.

IX. How your data is transferred globally

Ginverter is a multinational company, which means that your company data collected by Ginverter may be processed in the country where you use the product or service, in Ginverter or its affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers, Business partners located in other countries of the organization or are accessed from these countries. Data protection laws may vary in these countries. In such cases, we take steps to ensure that the data we collect is processed in accordance with the requirements of this policy and applicable laws. Including when the corporate data of the data subject located in the EU is transferred to a country or region of the same level of data protection that is not recognized by the European Union, we use various legal mechanisms, such as signing the standard contract terms approved by the European Commission or requesting your consent for cross-border Transfer of corporate data or security measures such as data anonymity prior to cross-border data transfer.

X. Your right as a data subject
At any point in time we possess or process your personal data, you have the following rights as a data subject:
	Access: You have the right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you.
	Right to Correct: You have the right to correct any inaccuracies or incompleteness we hold about your data.
	Right to forget: In some cases, you may request that the data we hold about you be removed from our records.
	Handling Restrictions: Under certain conditions, the right to restrict processing is applied.
	Portability rights: You have the right to transfer the data we hold about you to another organization.
	Right of objection: You have the right to object to certain types of processing, such as direct marketing.
	Right against automatic processing (including analysis): You also have the right to accept the legal effects of automatic processing or analysis.
	Judicial review rights: If the organization name rejects your application under authorization, we will explain the reason to you. You have the right to file a complaint as described in clause 10 below.
	All of the above requirements will be sent if a third party is involved in processing your personal data.

X. Agree to this agreement
Agree to this Privacy Policy which means you allow us to process your personal data for specified purposes. Ginverter's processing of your personal data requires your consent. If we ask you to provide sensitive data, we will tell you why and how to use this information. At any time you can withdraw your consent (contact Ginverter, email: service@ginverter.com).
XI. Complain
If you want to complain about how Ginverter handles your personal data, or how you handle your complaint, you have the right to complain directly to the regulator and the data protection representative of the organization's name, the data protection officer / GDPR owner.
XII. Contact us
If you have any questions about this policy or other related matters, you can fill in the relevant information according to the guidance provided by us and send your questions to service@ginverter.com. We will review the issues as soon as possible and reply after verifying your user identity.
XIII. Revise
We may revise the policy in due course. If the changes result in a substantial derogation of your rights under this policy, we will notify you by prompting you at a prominent location on the page, sending you an email, etc. before the change takes effect. In this case, if you continue to use our services, which means you had agreed to be bound by the revised policy.
